docs: improve wording and fix typo (#9795)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/1.docs/2.guide/3.going-further/7.layers.md

## Going Deeper

> Loading configration and extend support is handled by [unjs/c12](https://github.com/unjs/c12), merged using [unjs/defu](https://github.com/unjs/defu) and remote git sources are supported using [unjs/giget](https://github.com/unjs/giget). Check the docs and source code to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration loading and extends support is handled by [unjs/c12](https://github.com/unjs/c12), merged using [unjs/defu](https://github.com/unjs/defu) and remote git sources are supported using [unjs/giget](https://github.com/unjs/giget). Check the docs and source code to learn more.
```
